right now my boyfriend has my husband on
a hook in a torture room why'd you marry
him is not the question here I swear to
God if Jessie kills him we are done hey
guys we're talking about preacher
episode 5 we're almost halfway through
the season as always if I get anything
wrong or you just want to say hi hit me
up on Twitter at Ryan Eric P and also be
sure to subscribe to GameSpot universe
because we are breaking down some other
awesome TV shows like Twin Peaks and
Game of Thrones so let's jump into it
episode 5 of preacher warning there are
spoilers ahead following episode 4 is
shocking reveal that tulip is in fact
married to Victor this episode served to
share some backstory on tulip and
Jesse's past and that brings us to
Dallas Texas the title of the episode
now this specific backstory isn't
something that you'll find in the comics
but it's a welcome addition to the show
to develop both of these characters and
their motivations we already knew what
happened between Carlos Jesse and tulip
but not only got a glimpse of how tulip
and Jesse dealt with losing their baby
Jesse basically spent a whole bunch of
time just drinking beer watching rodeos
and discussing John Wayne with his
friend Reggie who rolls joints using
pages from the Bible you like John Wayne
you don't patriarchal John Wayne is of
course an awesome reference to the comic
books of the Duke was an important
figure in the books and helped guide
Jessie through some tough times he was
kind of like an imaginary friend or a
guardian angel I'm not so sure we'll get
to see that in a TV show but it's cool
that they finally referenced him jesse
is clearly very fond of John Wayne
despite Reggie's criticisms we quickly
find out how hard it's been on Jesse and
tulip to get pregnant again
in addition to that they're done working
for Danny obviously losing that baby
changed their lives they're no longer
working for Danny any longer and they
want to commit to new work they also are
committed to each other lily and the
world right
to the end of the world that's the
second time we've heard these to say
that lined and of course it's a
reference to the comic books to
illustrate exactly how routine their
lives have become we get an awesome
montage of Jesse's day to day in this
shows context it kind of felt like a
callback to hell on earth at least
obviously jesse was in Dallas but he
seemed to be in his own personal hell at
the time the previous montages we've
seen in this show have depicted hell for
our face and for the saint of killers so
ultimately we find out that tulip hasn't
exactly been honest with Jessie she
actually gave up on real estate after a
few weeks and went back to her with
Danny she's also been secretly taking
birth control after he finds out he's
been lied to we see an extremely violent
and dark side of Jesse where he
basically takes his frustrations out on
Reggie the poor dude was just enjoying a
beer clearly Jesse needs a change I'm
going back to anvil I'm gonna be a
preacher and that's another departure
from the comic books Jesse decides that
he's going back to anvil to start with a
clean slate
but in the books it's Jesse's family
that tears tulip and Jesse apart
specifically Jody and T see two
characters that we haven't seen yet in
the show but I hope we do they find him
in Arizona and force him to return home
with them and if he doesn't they're
gonna kill tulip so he agrees he's
punished in the coffin and he eventually
becomes a preacher in an oval Texas back
in the present day Cassidy goes over to
Victor's place to talk to Jesse on
tulips request Chinoy was rich once and
here's another deviation from the books
Cassidy wasn't rich in the books he was
more of a traveling Nomad with a drug
problem who would make friends in every
city he visited in the comics he lived
many years in poverty and this still
might be the case in the TV show but
he's not ready to reveal this to Jesse
yet despite all this it's clear from
this scene that these two share a bond
that can't be broken they are close like
brothers and will stand by each other
throughout the story so unsurprisingly
Jesse decides to let Victor live as
painful as the entire thing was Jesse
loves tulip and doesn't want to lose her
again he's clearly been so consumed with
his search for God that he's kind of
neglected his relationship with tulip
episode 5 ends with the saint of killers
no surprise here because he was tracking
the word to Victor's mansion the saint
kills every single one of Victor's men
execute Victor without even letting the
man explain himself
thankfully though he spare is his
daughter Ally after she tells him that
she knows where he can find Jessie so
that's where episode 5 leaves us but how
about some other things that I noticed
in the episode we know Jessie's a big
fan of rat water whisky but he used to
be a beer guy his go-to choice glue
rooster sounds tasty who doesn't love a
good montage that's two this week sure
it might not have topped the one we saw
in Game of Thrones but it was fun also
less poop involved is always a good
thing this was fun
Cassidy and tulip are big fans of Boo
Berry but Ali isn't fond of a blueberry
flavored cereal with marshmallows I
found it a little funny that a vampire
enjoys one of General Mills Bond stir
themed breakfast cereals I guess Count
Chocula was a little too on the nose so
they opted for the blue ghost if Jesse
wasn't intimidating enough the shot of
him holding a bloody foosball bar was
spectacular I'll never look at foosball
the same way sheets are silky bastards I
think a couple hundred forcing his gun
into me at all is easy yep cassadee
still enjoys those foreskin jokes just
how boring was Jesse's time in Dallas he
was literally watching paint dry on the
TV with that Bob Ross cameo does anyone
else get the vibe that Denny is dead it
seemed as if Ali was trying to let them
know but no one gave her any attention
in the preview for next week we get to
see some familiar looking illustrations
of the saint from renowned artist Glenn
Fabri who actually did the cover art for
preacher and Hellblazer Fabri has also
repainted some of the covers with the
AMC cast pretty awesome gamespot
universe is going to San Diego comic-con
we're bringing Comic Con to you that's
right covering all your favorite shows
like Rick and Morty Legion and Westworld
hot new movies and comics toys and
collectibles tons of amazing cosplay and
we're giving away this exclusive
universe t-shirt subscribe to GameSpot
universe on YouTube so you don't miss a
thing